94 consider restructuring the guides section (#96)
sora-xor/sora-docs: src/check-supply.md

# Check Supply

## Via Polkaswap

::: info

> Please consider that you would see the **total supply** (this includes locked tokens and the circulating supply) of all tokens in the network and not only the **circulating** supply of the tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that you would see the **total supply** (this includes locked tokens and the circulating supply) of all tokens in the network and not only the **circulating** supply of the tokens.
```
